<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="configure_the_parameters">
    <title>Configure the parameters</title>
    <shortdesc>Use the below procedure to configure the parameters for the Zipper service.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <author>Rahul Sharma</author>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm>configuring parameters</indexterm>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <taskbody>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Open the directory where the Zipper service is installed in your system.</cmd>
                <info>Mostly, the service installs in the <b>C:\Program Files\Zipper Service</b> directory. If the service is not installed in the same directory in your system, search <userinput>Zipper Service</userinput> in the <uicontrol>Search</uicontrol> field of the <b>C</b> drive.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Right-click in blank space the directory, and then select <menucascade>
                        <uicontrol>New</uicontrol>
                        <uicontrol>Text Document</uicontrol>
                    </menucascade> to have a Notepad file in the directory.</cmd>
                <info>If you have any other text editor installed in your system, you can use its document to create the configuration file.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Rename the file to <userinput>Zipper Service</userinput>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Double-click the file or right-click and select <uicontrol>Open</uicontrol> to open the file.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Create the <userinput>Zipping Values</userinput> and <userinput>Unzipping Values</userinput> sections in the file.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Add the parameters as shown in the below example and replace the values given in the angled brackets with the actual values.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <note>Make sure that the value for each parameter should be provided within the double quotation marks.</note>
                    <codeblock>[Zipping Parameters]
SourcePath = "&lt;Directory Path>" For example, "C:\Zipping\1STCODEX"
DestinationPath = "&lt;Directory Path>" For example, "C:\Unzipped\1STCODEX
IntervalInMinutes = "&lt;Time in minutes>" For example, "5"
TriggerFile = "&lt;Extension of the trigger file>" For example, ".oxi"

[Unzipping Parameters]
UnzipFromPath = "&lt;Directory Path>" For example, "C:\Unzipped\1STCODEX"
UnziptoPath = "&lt;Directory Path>" For example, "C:\Zipping\1STCODEX"</codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Save the file.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result>The configuration file is ready to use by the Zipper Service.</result>
    </taskbody>
    <related-links>
        <link href="about_the_service_parameters.dita"/>
    </related-links>
</task>
