<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="stages_in_zipping_and_unzipping_operations">
    <title>Stages in zipping and unzipping operations</title>
    <shortdesc>This topic provides information about the different stages that the Zipper service goes through to perform zipping and unzipping of files.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <author>Rahul Sharma</author>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm>stages in zipping</indexterm>
                <indexterm>stages in unzipping</indexterm>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
        <p>The service does zipping and unzipping automatically based on the parameters given in the configuration file. However, in each operation, the service reads a different set of parameters and works in the order defined below.</p>
        <section>
            <title>Stages in zipping</title>
            <p>In the zipping operation, the service receives its input from the parameters that are defined in the <b>Zipping Values</b> section of the configuration file. The zipping operation happens in the following order.</p>
            <ol>
                <li>Firstly, the service searches for the trigger file in the source directory.<p>The <b>TriggerFile</b> parameter in the configuration file specifies the type of the trigger file by defining its extension, such as .oxi, .ocx, etc.</p></li>
                <li>Secondly, the service compresses files that are available in the source directory into a zip file and then places the zip file in the destination directory.</li>
                <li>At last the service deletes the source files and the trigger file from the source folder.</li>
            </ol>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Stages in unzipping</title>
            <p>In the unzipping operation, the service receives its input from the parameters that are defined in the <b>Unzipping Values</b> section of the configuration file. The unzipping operation happens in the following order.</p>
            <ol>
                <li>Firstly, the service picks a file for unzipping from the directory specified in the <b>UnzipFomPath</b> parameter.</li>
                <li>Secondly, the service extracts files from a zip file and then places them in the destination directory.</li>
                <li>At last the service deletes the zip file from the source folder after extraction.</li>
            </ol>
        </section>
    </conbody>
    <related-links>
        <link href="about_the_service_parameters.dita"/>
    </related-links>
</concept>
